This package was debianized by Thierry Carrez <thierry.carrez@ubuntu.com> on
Tue, 30 Jun 2009 11:11:15 +0200

Copyright:
    Copyright (C) 2008, Red Hat Middleware LLC, and individual contributors:
      Andy Taylor
      Daniel Bevenius
      Trustin Heuiseung Lee

Authors:
    Andy Taylor
    Daniel Bevenius
    Trustin Heuiseung Lee

License:
    The Netty Project is licensed under the GNU LGPL (Lesser General Public
    License) version 2.1.

    On Debian GNU/Linux and Ubuntu systems, the complete text of the LGPL 2.1
    License can be found in the /usr/share/common-licenses/LGPL-2.1 file.

    The same license and copyright applies to the Debian packaging.

    This product contains a modified version of Robert Harder's Public Domain
    Base64 Encoder and Decoder, and extensions to Java Collections Framework
    derived from the works by JSR-166 EG, Doug Lea, and Jason T. Greene. Both
    have been released to the public domain under the following terms:

The person or persons who have associated work with this document (the
"Dedicator" or "Certifier") hereby either (a) certifies that, to the best of
his knowledge, the work of authorship identified is in the public domain of
the country from which the work is published, or (b) hereby dedicates whatever
copyright the dedicators holds in the work of authorship identified below (the
"Work") to the public domain. A certifier, moreover, dedicates any copyright
interest he may have in the associated work, and for these purposes, is
described as a "dedicator" below.

A certifier has taken reasonable steps to verify the copyright status of this
work. Certifier recognizes that his good faith efforts may not shield him from
liability if in fact the work certified is not in the public domain.

Dedicator makes this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to
the detriment of the Dedicator's heirs and successors. Dedicator intends this
dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuate of all present
and future rights under copyright law, whether vested or contingent, in the
Work. Dedicator understands that such relinquishment of all rights includes
the relinquishment of all rights to enforce (by lawsuit or otherwise) those
copyrights in the Work.

Dedicator recognizes that, once placed in the public domain, the Work may be
freely reproduced, distributed, transmitted, used, modified, built upon, or
otherwise exploited by anyone for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial,
and in any way, including by methods that have not yet been invented or
conceived.

